d capac instructions 1 open the mouth of
the case after turning the camera off
to put the camera into the case
connecting the D capac lens adapter to
the lens three zips the case and fold
along the folded line for the velcro
together five disassembled the lens from
the lens adapter and turn camera on
six remove the water and then take the
camera out while keeping the mouth part
in a downward position
caution one at every use check the
zipper for damage and make sure it sits
shut two sharp objects can scratch or
tear the vinyl pay close attention to
the product even during use 3 do not
leave product in the Sun for too long
otherwise blemishes might appear for
after use clean product with fresh water
to ensure the use of the product for a
long time